fix: exceptionHandler may return invalid HTTP status code (#6228)
codeigniter4/CodeIgniter4: user_guide_src/source/general/errors.rst

redirect code to use instead of the default (``302``, "temporary redirect"):

.. literalinclude:: errors/011.php

.. _error-specify-http-status-code:

Specify HTTP Status Code in Your Exception
==========================================

Since v4.3.0, you can specify the HTTP status code for your Exception class to implement
``HTTPExceptionInterface``.

> When an exception implemented ``HTTPExceptionInterface`` is caught by CodeIgniter's exception handler, the Exception code will be the HTTP status code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an exception implementing ``HTTPExceptionInterface`` is caught by CodeIgniter's exception handler, the Exception code will become the HTTP status code.
```

.. _error-specify-exit-code:

Specify Exit Code in Your Exception
===================================

Since v4.3.0, you can specify the exit code for your Exception class to implement
``HasExitCodeInterface``.

> When an exception implemented ``HasExitCodeInterface`` is caught by CodeIgniter's exception handler, the code returned from the ``getExitCode()`` method will be the exit code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an exception implementing ``HasExitCodeInterface`` is caught by CodeIgniter's exception handler, the code returned from the ``getExitCode()`` method will become the exit code.
```
